Who were the former rulers forced to assume the role of?
Ineb-Hedg was the Ancient Egyptian name for what?
What was Lake Moeris likely to be the source of water to?
What type of influence reached up the Nile into what is today the Sudan?
Who created the earliest portraits of individuals?
What other trade goods inspired Egypt to build ships for navigation of the open sea?
When did the Fourth Dynasty begin?
Which king of uncertain parentage was followed by Neferefre?
What is the basic justification for a separation between the two periods?
What was the final blow to precipitation in the region?
During what years did this prevent the normal flooding of the Nile?
What is Imhotep's new architectural form?
Who became a living god who could demand the services and wealth of his subjects?
Who introduced the prenomen in the royal titulary?
Who worked in cycles during this period?
What is enough to allow for subtle variation and innovation?
Who was Sneferu's son?
Who were Khufu's sons?
When was Menkaure born?
Who was Sahure's son?
What is Imhotep's name?
What is the name of Egypt's culture?
Where did the 'capital' remain?
Where was a new era of building initiated?
What happened to Ankhtifi in the early First Intermediate Period?
What trade goods did Egypt's expanding interests in?
The Old Kingdom is most commonly regarded as the period from the Third Dynasty through to what?
When was Sahure born?
What are the first lifesize statues created by sculptors?
What was the period of disunity and relative cultural decline referred to by Egyptianologists as?
What was the name of the temple that was constructed in Abusir?
What was the name of the earliest ruler to have the pyramid texts inscribed in his pyramid?
What was the name of the country that slipped into civil wars?
What country traded cedar with?
When was Nyuserre Ini deposed?
Who is King Djoser's architect?
Who abandoned the pyramid after the outside casing fell off the pyramid?
Who has proposed the Sphinx?
When is the Old Kingdom most commonly regarded as the period from the Third Dynasty through to the Sixth Dynasty?
Who was the son of Shepseskare?
Which superstructure was tightly tied and bound together?
Who worked to ensure the stability of the cycles?
Where did Egypt reach up the Nile?
Where is Egypt's first continuous peak of civilization?
What pyramid was the first to have an above-ground burial chamber?
Who was Userkaf's son?
Where was the full development of the pyramid style of building achieved?
What were formerly independent ancient Egyptian states known as in this era?
Who suggested that the Sphinx had been built by Djedefra as a monument to his father Khufu?
What did the 4th dynasty focus on?
When was the canal to Lake Moeris built?
Who was a nomarch during the early First Intermediate Period?
How many pyramids did Snefru build?
Who built the smallest pyramid in Giza, Shepseskaf and Djedefptah?
What did ship builders use to keep their ships assembled?
How long would Egyptian art last?
Where were the Great Pyramids built?
Who was the first king of the Third Dynasty of the Old Kingdom?
Who learned to express their culture's worldview?
What did Lebanon trade with Lebanon for?
Who was Neferefre's brother?
What were the two main functions of images and structures?
What did Egyptians focus on?
When was Khufu born?
Where is the Memphite Seventh and Eighth Dynasties located?
How many pyramids did Pharaoh build?
Who would have recognized the distinction between the Old Kingdom and the Early Dynastic Period?
What is the first pyramid called?
What is the name of the pyramid in the third dynasty?
What did they perceive themselves as?
What was the name of the 'Age of the Pyramid Builders'?
Who was the first Pharaoh of the Old Kingdom?
What was the first zenith of the Fourth Dynasty?
Who was Djoser's vizier?
What is the Old Kingdom often referred to as?
When was the king of Egypt called the Pharaoh?
What Dynasties are in Egypt?
What two periods were not recognized by ancient Egyptians?
What kind of jewelry did Egyptians produce?
How many years of famine and strife did the collapse of the Old Kingdom last?
What was the cause of the collapse of the Old Kingdom?
What power weakened during the sixth dynasty?
Local dynasties were largely independent from what authority?
Where was the Sphinx built?
What could have caused his death?
Who began the Fifth Dynasty?
When was Egypt's art developed?
What was the Old Kingdom?
What did the dynasties become?
What dynasty led to internal disorders?
What did Pharaoh believe was necessary for crops?
Which two periods of civilization follow Egypt's first continuous peak?
What art was perfected by the art of carving?
Who were Khufu's sons Djedefra and Djedefra?
What is the main reason historians have been able to construct a history?
Who mastered the techniques necessary to build monumental structures in stone?
What was the name of the king of Egypt?
What god did Egyptians worship in this era?
Where was the royal capital of Egypt moved?
Who was the ruler of the ancient Egyptian states?
What pyramid was built in Giza?
Where is the Meidum pyramid located?
